Ship V6 to prod (#64)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation: for-developers/confidential-computing/sgx-encrypted-dataset.md

To deploy your dataset run:

```bash
iexec dataset deploy --chain viviani
```

You will get a hexadecimal address for your deployed dataset. Use that address to push the encryption key to the [SMS](intel-sgx-technology.md#secret-management-service-sms) so it is available for authorized applications.

> For simplicity, we will use the dataset with a TEE-debug app on a debug workerpool. The debug workerpool is connected to a debug Secret Management System so we will send the dataset's encryption key to this SMS (this is fine for debuging but do not use to store production secrets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For simplicity, we will use the dataset with a TEE-debug app on a debug workerpool. The debug workerpool is connected to a debug Secret Management Service so we will send the dataset encryption key to this SMS (this is fine for debuging but do not use to store production secrets).
```

Author: fixed 83a1f2ba28354c09ad4466f9d43faca9ebc1e390

You will get a hexadecimal address for your deployed dataset. Use that address to push the encryption key to the [SMS](intel-sgx-technology.md#secret-management-service-sms) so it is available for authorized applications.

> For simplicity, we will use the dataset with a TEE-debug app on a debug workerpool. The debug workerpool is connected to a debug Secret Management Service so we will send the dataset encryption key to this SMS (this is fine for debuging but do not use to store production secrets).

Reviewer 2: debugging

Author: fixed 1155ad4a3479dc0b85c4184f7da62602e833c5e6

```
{% endcode %}
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## Build the TEE docker image:

The Dockerfile and the build scripts are the same as the ones we saw [previously](create-your-first-sgx-app.md) for a trusted application:

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Javascript" %}
{% code title="Dockerfile" %}
```bash
# Starting from a base image supported by SCONE  
FROM node:14-alpine3.11

# install your dependencies
RUN mkdir /app && cd /app && npm install figlet@1.x

COPY ./src /app

ENTRYPOINT [ "node", "/app/app.js"]
```
{% endcode %}
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

{% code title="sconify.sh" %}
```bash
#!/bin/bash

# declare the app entrypoint
ENTRYPOINT="node /app/app.js"
# declare an image name
IMG_NAME=nodejs-dataset-app

IMG_FROM=${IMG_NAME}:temp-non-tee
IMG_TO=${IMG_NAME}:tee-debug

# build the regular non-TEE image
docker build . -t ${IMG_FROM}

> # pull the SCONE currated image corresponding to our base image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# pull the SCONE curated image corresponding to our base image
```

Author: fixed 5aba1103bccfd7bf2338daa13660a9b7cf17a91b
